1. First introduce registration（简单看下界面就好） & Login

First, I will introduce to you the login panel and the registration panel, which is the 
first part of front-end an user may need.

After clicking the login panel, if you do not have any account, you can register an account here
It will ask for your user name password and email. 
After that, an verification code will be sent to your email box.

As I have already had an account, I will just login here, you can see your credit here, credits is just like a currency for reuqesting books, but you can only gain it by donating your books.

3. Search
Any user, even if you have not logged in, can search for the books available for request
Here, I will use the keyword Amazon as an example, you can see all the books realted to Amazon appears here.
You can also choose the order of the books by alphabetical order or by the credist required.
Meanwhile, you can also filter the books by there minimum condition or the grenes

4. Show the book details  & Add a book to the favourite list
After clicking a book, we can see the detail panel here, it includes the 
book name, id and some decription.
Here you can see who donated that book and send message about where and when you would
like they give the book to you.

5. Make a request, and show the credit change.
After you make sure you want to have a book, you can request it here, the credits
required will be deducted from you account, as you can see here, and it will be added to the donators' account.


6. Show the donation part（upload a photo说明upload photo的话会怎么样）
If you want to donate a used book, you can simplily click this tab and enter the infomration here.
You can also upload a photo, if you do not upload one, we will try to generate one based on the information from eternal API.

7. Show the user information, with donation and request history.

After you requested or donated a book, you can see the history and other personal informaiton here.

9. Show favourite list and click the item
As I introduced before, you can add a book to your favourite list and here is where you would check it.
You can click the name to quickly search for the book

10. Send a message from the book details
As I mentioned before, you can send a message to another, and here is where you would check the emssages you received.
11. Check the message tab and email box
You can reply to the message here, and after that, the receiver will received an email with message content you just sent.